add fix ssl (#708)
discord-python/site: pydis_site/apps/content/resources/guides/python-guides/fix-ssl-certificate.md

---
title: Fixing an SSL Certificate Error.

> description: A guide on fixing an SSL certificate error.

Reviewer: What does "an SSL certificate error" mean? Shouldn't we specify which one, and why?

---
#### How to fix SSL Certificate issue on Windows

Firstly, try updating your OS, wouldn't hurt to try.
Now, if you're still having an issue, you would need to download the certificate for the SSL.

> The SSL Certificate, Sectigo (cert vendor) provides a download link of [certificate](https://crt.sh/?id=2835394)

Reviewer: This is missing a trailing period. You can put multiple sentences on one line, although split them in the middle to make sure they don't get too long.

> You should find it at the bottom left corner, where it's saying Download Certificate: *PEM*

Reviewer: This also needs a trailing period.

A picture where to find the certificate in the website is:

> ![location of certificate](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/336642776609456130/776070065694048276/s6ONfwUye1.png)

Reviewer: Can you separate "Firstly" and the second note because they talk about two different fixes?

> ![location of certificate](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/336642776609456130/776070065694048276/s6ONfwUye1.png)

Reviewer: Can you download this screenshot and put it in the [`static`](https://github.com/python-discord/site/tree/main/pydis_site/static/images) folder?

> You have to setup certificate yourself, you can just click on it, or if that doesn't work, refer [here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to setup the certificate yourself. To do that you can just click on it, or if that doesn't work, refer [here]
```

> You have to setup certificate yourself, you can just click on it, or if that doesn't work, refer [here]

Reviewer: "refer here" doesn't really make sense; can you instead replace it with like "refer [to this link]" or similar?

---

> title: Fix SSL certificate error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Fixing an SSL Certificate Error
```
Removing the period and using Title Case for the "main words"

> description: A guide about how to fix the SSL certificate error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: A guide on fixing an SSL certificate error.
```

---

> **How to fix SSL Certificate issue on Windows**

Reviewer 2: Perhaps instead of using bold characters, we can use subheadings?
```suggestion
#### How to fix SSL Certificate issue on Windows**
```

Reviewer: Why use a nested header rather than just `#`?

Firstly, try updating your OS, wouldn't hurt to try.
Now, if you're still having an issue, you would need to download the certificate for the SSL.
The SSL Certificate, Sectigo (cert vendor) provides a download link of certificate:

> **https://crt.sh/?id=2835394**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SSL Certificate, Sectigo (cert vendor) provides a download link of a [certificate](https://crt.sh/?id=2835394).
```
We could use a hyperlink here.

> You should find it at the bottom left corner, where its saying Download Certificate: __PEM__

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should find it at the bottom left corner, where it's saying Download Certificate: *PEM*
```
On the website, it's Underlined, so it should be

Here's a picture of that if you can't find it: 

> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/336642776609456130/776070065694048276/s6ONfwUye1.png

Reviewer 2: This image doesn't actually pop up, you'd have to do:
```suggestion
A picture of where to find the certificate in the website is:
![location of certificate](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/336642776609456130/776070065694048276/s6ONfwUye1.png)
```

> You have to setup certificate yourself, you can just click on it, or if that doesn't work, refer here:
> https://portal.threatpulse.com/docs/sol/Solutions/ManagePolicy/SSL/ssl_chrome_cert_ta.htm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You have to set up the certificate yourself, you can just click on it, or if that doesn't work, refer [here](https://portal.threatpulse.com/docs/sol/Solutions/ManagePolicy/SSL/ssl_chrome_cert_ta.htm).
```
We can use a hyperlink here.

> **How to fix SSL Certificate issue on Mac**

Reviewer 2: Subheadings rather than bolded
 ```suggestion
#### How to fix SSL Certificate issue on Mac
```

> Navigate to your Applications/Python 3.6/ folder and double click the Install Certificates.command to fix this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Navigate to your `Applications/Python 3.6/` folder and double click the `Install Certificates.command` to fix this.
```
We could perhaps do an inline code block to emphasize it.

> That's it!
> Happy coding!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This part is also mostly unnecessary for a guide in my opinion.

For those curious, it was caused by this:

> https://support.sectigo.com/Com_KnowledgeDetailPage?Id=kA03l00000117LT 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This part is mostly unnecessary for an actual guide.
